<p>After two weeks, I feel more confident with the basics of HTML. I understand how to structure a page with headings, paragraphs, images, and links. Using tags feels more natural now. What’s still a little challenging is remembering the small details, like closing tags and writing semantic HTML correctly.</p>
<p>Learning Git and GitHub has been a new experience. I was surprised by how version control keeps track of every change — it feels like a safety net if something goes wrong. The hardest part has been learning the commands and remembering the steps in the right order, but pushing and pulling files was easier than I expected once I practiced</p>
<p>When I ran into problems, like my code not displaying right or getting confused with Git, I went to office hours to talk to Dr. Curt. Talking it through really helped me see what I was missing and gave me more confidence moving forward</p>
<p>It feels different moving from “just making web pages” to actually using semantic HTML and GitHub. It’s exciting because it feels more like what professionals do, not just a class project. My concern is just making sure I don’t forget steps or fall behind on the details.</p>
<p>Going through the steps one by one in class has been super helpful for me to understand what is going on. The coding is not just about looks, but about meaning and accessibility.</p>
<p>I’m looking forward to the full portfolio coming together and diving deeper into web development and where it can take me.</p>
<p>Hands-on practice in VS Code has been the most helpful so far. I also find it useful to look things up online when I get stuck. Going forward, continuing to ask Dr. Curt when I need help is important. </p>
